# Summary
I completed reading the book - "[ELON MUSK: How the Billionaire CEO of SPACEX and TESLA is shaping our future](https://www.amazon.com/Elon-Musk-SpaceX-Fantastic-Future/dp/0062301233)" by Ashlee Vance. This is a fantastic book that I strongly recommend for anyone seeking how to think big, how to develop a habit of working towards a vision, stay focussed and work harder. The book greatly succeeds in spilling the beans on how hard it is to be Elon Musk. The book is very successful in depicting strong foundational leadership skillsets required for a successful technologist and businessman. Along with all these, this book brings up lot of surprising and interesting events in creation of world's greatest companies like PayPal, SpaceX, Tesla and SolarCity. This book takes you through incredible journey of Elon Musk and his team's hardwork, sacrifices and smart business moves to bring these incredible companies to where they are from the jaws of bankruptcy and more troubles. This book succeeds in giving you the feel of what runs in the mind of the genius Musk and his motives behind all his work. A must read book!

Throughout my reading of the book, I captured interesting scenarios, quotes and description by the author. Below, I summarize and reproduce the content that I myself want to read multiple times to stay focused and work towards my mission of democratizing education.

`Note:` This summary is by no way an alternate to you buying the book and reading all by yourself. This is only intended to capture and share my learnings from the books I read.

